chamber uses a different noiseScale than tunnel, so the tunnel and chamber edges don't line up anymore

chamber lighting is very wrong

can I use a shader with OpenGL 2 and still use the rest of the fixed pipeline?

probably going to have to do perturbations at the same time as vertex-generation to get the normals right

something's wrong with the lighting in some cases
	triple-tunnel, the core and the arms aren't being lit the same

look into using LINE_LOOP to make a wireframe? The LEGO example used a wireframe, too, but I think a different methodology

add "return to default" functions for lighting, materials, textures, colors, etc.
	or use push/pop attrib

prevent neighboring vertices from overlapping
	change how much the perturbation applies based on the line length? Probably not. That limits the max displacement
	somehow ensure that all lines are the same length? That way a fixed perturbation value (lineLength * 0.49) will always be ok
		also need to ensure open spaces (ex. between opposite walls) are larger than this value, but that should be fine
	do multiple perturbation passes? Large displacement for broad strokes applies to long edges, then smaller displacements use smaller edges
	bias or constrain the perturbations? ex. each vertical slice of a tunnel can only perturb up or down

use VBOs (ref Ex. 8) for performance improvement

make orbiting lights based on fixed speed, not display speed

May be better to use a pixel shader?
Marching cubes? Some other isosurface algorithm?
	https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~qin/courses/visualization/visualization-surface-rendering-with-polygons.pdf
	https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~jrs/meshpapers/Bloomenthal.pdf

May want to use a DisplayList instead of VBO (so that I can store transformations, not just vertices)
	note: deprecated in OpenGL 3, although it's still available through compatibility

have a player option in exterior view for switching between back-cull (exterior) and front-cull (interior) for tunnel/chamber walls



Hopefully this has been fixed by using "float azimuth = 0, elevation = 0" instead of "float azimuth, elevation" but need to keep an eye on it
					about 1/3 of the time the light doesn't show up at all. WTF????
						in some scenes it's at the wrong Y value, may or may not be related
